Status Reports/frugalfinder-20250129.md, before:

# Weekly Status Report

## Project Status

### Goals for the Week
- (Copy from "Goals for next week" in last week's report. Leave empty for the first week.)

### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - [Task 1]
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] (Responsibility: [Team Member 1]) - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] (Responsibility: [Team Member 2]) - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 3] Longer-term goal (Responsibility: [Team Member or Team])

---

## Progress and Plans of Team Members

### [Team Member 1]

#### Goals for the Week
- (Copy from "Goals for next week" in last week's report. Leave empty for the first week.)

#### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - [Task 1]
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

#### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] - Estimated time: [X hours]

---

### [Team Member 2]

#### Goals for the Week
- (Copy from "Goals for next week" in last week's report. Leave empty for the first week.)

#### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - [Task 1]
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

#### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] - Estimated time: [X hours]

---

Commit message:

Edited my individual status report.

Status Reports/frugalfinder-20250129.md, after:

# Weekly Status Report

## Project Status

### Goals for the Week
- (Copy from "Goals for next week" in last week's report. Leave empty for the first week.)

### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - [Task 1]
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] (Responsibility: [Team Member 1]) - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] (Responsibility: [Team Member 2]) - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 3] Longer-term goal (Responsibility: [Team Member or Team])

---

## Progress and Plans of Team Members

### [Team Member 1]

#### Goals for the Week
- (Copy from "Goals for next week" in last week's report. Leave empty for the first week.)

#### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - [Task 1]
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

#### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] - Estimated time: [X hours]

---

### Di Ramirez-Diaz

#### Goals for the Week
- (Leave empty for the first week.)

#### Progress and Issues
- Tasks completed:
  - Wrote use case for adding items to cart.
  - [Task 2]
- Key learnings:
  - [What was learned this week]
- Issues encountered:
  - [Issue 1] and steps taken to resolve it
  - [Issue 2] (if unresolved, include blockers and additional context)

#### Goals for Next Week
- [Task 1] - Estimated time: [X hours]
- [Task 2] - Estimated time: [X hours]

---
